---
title: Monthly General Meeting, March 2026
author: amdj
excerpt: >
  Presentation and approval of annual report. Discharge of last year's
  board. Set an organisation membership fee. Election of a new board and
  auditors for operating year 2026.
---

## Propositions and Motions

### Presentation and Approval of Annual Report

The meeting approved the 2025 annual report by unanimous vote. This includes
the financial report, one activity report from each team, and the auditor's
report.

They can all be [read here](/annual-reports/2025/).

### Discharge of Liability

amdj presented the auditor's report. He recommended that the board members
be discharged of liability for the past fiscal year, which was granted by
unanimous vote.

### Organisation Membership Fee

An organisation membership fee of 0 SEK for 2026 was agreed by unanimous
vote.

### Annual Board and Auditor Elections

Like the last three years, prior to the MGM, the organisation ran a
month-long poll of the entire organisation to allow all members to vote.

Unlike last year, a [change to the bylaws][bylaws] means that this
process is now formally specified, and the results are binding, with the
AGM just voting to certify the results.

This meeting certified the election results for the chair, treasurer,
operations team representative, two general board seats, and two auditors
by unanimous votes.

The vice chair must be one of the elected board members, and for this
reason, was elected during the meeting in a real-time fashion, by only the
members present at the meeting. This vote was also unanimous.

| Position(s)                 | Person      |
| :-------------------------- | :---------- |
| Chair                       | moonmoon    |
| Treasurer                   | Swant       |
| Operations Rep, Vice Chair  | tomaw       |
| General                     | glguy       |
| General                     | She         |
| Auditor                     | amdj        |
| Auditor                     | Sario       |

[bylaws]: https://github.com/Libera-Chat/libera-chat.github.io/commit/7bfe67bd94091008d01f
